No comercial de um produto de limpeza surgiu a frase: “toda mulher é diva e todo homem é devagar", tal afirmação causou desconforto a um grupo de homens que ao se sentirem hostilizados pediram que o Conselho Nacional de Autorregulamentação Publicitária do Brasil retirasse a propaganda do ar. No entanto, fica a questão o estereotipo de que a mulher é melhor que o homem por ser capaz de executar varias tipos de tarefas é realmente verdade? O homem moderno é inferior a mulher? Acredito que o ser humano é capaz de executar uma tarefa melhor que depedendo do ambiente social e cultural em que vive a fim de comprovar tal teoria pretendo utilizar os dados de algumas pesquisas da web, que objetivam quebrar paradigmas pré-estabelecidos que ferem ideais, classes ou gêneros da sociedade atual.

In the commercial of a cleaning product came the phrase: "every woman is a diva and every man is deva..gar(slow)", this statement caused discomfort to a group of men who, when they felt harassed, asked the National Council of Self-Regulation of Brazil to withdraw the advertising. However, does the stereotype that woman is better than man for being able to perform various types of tasks really true? Is modern man inferior to woman? I believe that the human being is capable of perform a task better than other because the social and cultural environment in which it lives. So to prove such a theory, I intend to use the data of some web researches, which aim to break pre-established paradigms that hurt the ideals, classes or genres of today's society.

Provide your research design here. Your research design should be a short paragraph of about five sentences, describing in quite general terms how the variables will be operationalized and what sample will be used.

A variável principal será genero, pois quero provar que tanto indivíduos do genero masculino quanto do feminino são capazes de executar as mesmas tarefas desde que estejam inseridos num ambiente social e cultural favorável, portanto a variável educação assim como localidade são imprescindíveis para tal análise. Ademais, profissão, horas de trabalho poderão indicar, que independente do genero as atividades laborais relativas a uma certa profissão são executadas em tempo semelhante,

The main variable will be gender, since I want to prove that both men and women are able to perform the same tasks as long as they are inserted in a favorable social and cultural environment, so the education variable as well as locality are essential for such analysis. In addition, profession, hours of work may indicate, that regardless of gender the work activities related to a certain profession are performed in a similar time,
